## Zoey Samaras
끔찍한 불이 그녀의 부모를 빼앗았던 밤, 6살 어느 저녁에 신이 말을 건 이후로 자신이 특별했다는 것을 알았습니다. 신은 세상의 모든 백성 가운데서 그녀를 선택하여 신의 대리인이 되었다고 말했습니다. 그녀는 무고한 사람을 보호하고 악인을 처벌 할 것입니다. 그 이후로, 곤경에 처했을 때 지도와 위로를 주었습니다. 조이는 이제 도시에서 도시로 여행하며 요리사로 일하면서 자신을 부양합니다. 그녀가 일하지 않을 때, 그녀는 주님의 음성에 따라 밤을 줄기를 걷습니다. 그녀가 사악함을 발견하면, 그녀는 후회 또는 주저없이 그것을 강타합니다.

Zoey had known that she was special ever since God spoke to her one night when she was six years old... the night that terrible fire took away her parents. He told her that He had chosen her from among all the people of the world to be His agent. She would protect the innocent and punish the wicked. Since then, He comes to her in times of trouble, offering guidance and comfort. Zoey now travels from city to city, taking work as a chef to support herself. When she isn't working, she stalks the night, guided by the Lord's voice. Wherever she finds wickedness, she strikes it down without remorse or hesitation.

## Rex Murphy
When disaster strikes, Rex Murphy is usually on hand, suffering the consequences. After spending a day with Rex, even the most hardened skeptic will concede that the man is cursed. Anytime he had a lead on a good story, something would go wrong. That business in Innsmouth with the photographs that had blown out to sea. The tracks in Dunwich that had washed away in the rain just before he'd brought the sheriff. His terrible fortune has more than once exposed him to gruesome beasts and occult conspiracies. To survive, Rex has developed an inquisitive mind, keeping one step ahead of the next disaster.

## Jenny Barnes
Jenny Barnes has spent the majority of her young life in pursuit of creature comforts, fine dining, and the latest fashions. That all changed when she received a letter from her sister, Isabelle. In this letter, Isabelle confessed that mysterious forces were aligning against her and that she feared she may fall victim to some paranormal threat. It was the last letter Jenny received from her beloved sister. Jenny has since returned to the States to track down and investigate all occult occurrences she can find. Hardly a wilting flower, she has proven herself a crack shot as well as a fearless and clever investigator of the unknown. Until Isabelle's disappearance is explained, Jenny will never relent in her search.

## Jim Culver
Jazz has been nothing but trouble for Jim since the day he picked up his daddy's trumpet. There was something weird and otherworldly about the writing on the inside of the bell, but the tones from it were smooth and dark, like good coffee. That trumpet landed Jim a lot of gigs until the time it made Widow Jenkins get up and dance, the day he played at her funeral. After that, it was kind of hard to find work. Since then, Jim has learned a lot about jazz — and the things the graveyard ghouls talk about on cold autumn nights. Lately, they've been talking about The End, as in the end of everything that is and could be. The Final Rhapsody. The fact is, Jim isn't too keen on that idea.

##  "Ashcan" Pete
At night, "Ashcan" Pete sleeps wherever his travels take him: in a field, on a train, or maybe, if he's lucky, in a barn. He bunks with his loyal hound dog, Duke, on one side and his beat-up guitar on the other. And sometimes when Pete sleeps, he dreams. He dreams of haunted, tortured places and of horrible creatures. When he wakes up, he knows that someone needs his help, because his dreams are true. He could not say how long he has been on the road, living by his wits, but he can say for certain no place is too far to go to help someone in need. And as long as Pete can help people, he is not likely to stop wandering any time soon.
